The woman is striking, with long, flowing dark hair that cascades down her back and shoulders. Her skin is a warm, olive tone. She has high cheekbones and a strong jawline, giving her a sophisticated appearance. Her eyes are dark and expressive, and she's looking directly at the viewer with a confident, slightly challenging gaze.
She's dressed like a warrior-witch-queen-empress, who ruled a third of the entire world. She wears a fitted, intricate obsidian adorned black leather suit of body armor with Ketameri text inscribed on all over it. Ketameri text are symbols that resemble the cracks on a set of 2x2 cracks on square floor tiles, where each different symbol is like a different set of tiles with  different parts filled in and no longer visible.  Her greave. boots, the skirt that is draped over the greaves and boots, the gauntlet and vambraces on her arms is covered adorned and style similarly. There are sparse elements of turquoise that was inlaid in gold and platinum through her entire attire. And yet she is still young enough want to show just the tiniest bit that she is out in the market for a lover, so her collar of intricate gold-platinum inlaid with turquoise, goes down just enough to leave a barely noticeable small tiny crack of bare upper chest in between the top of her armor and lowest extent of the collar. And you cannot forget the crown on her head. A diadem that is made of intricate gold-platinum inlaid with turquoise elements. And there is a set of carved obsidian dragon horns attached and extending out from its sides.
Now for the background we need the following context:
The are seven kilometer high mountains in the far distance.
The those mountains extend in both direction for a very great distance.
Between me and those mountains is a great circular lake.
Within that lake is elaborately geo-engineered city.
The city is made of seven concentric circles of land each separated by elaborate canals.
Each band of land is completely covered with strangely futuristic buildings.
There are numerous flying vessels, great and small, among those buildings.
The tallest among those building are about only half as high as the lesser obsidian towers.
In the center of the concentric circles is a body of water.
In this body of water' there are six lesser islands encircling the seventh greater central island.
The central island has a great tall dark obsidian tower, known to the people as "The Dark Spire", that reaches just over two kilometers high.
The six lesser islands each have a lesser dark obsidian tower on top of them.
They are about a third as tall as the "The Dark Spire"
At the top "The Dark Spire" is a bright iridescent light, that casts a upwards ray of great white light.
I am inside the palace of "The Dark Spire" staring up at this woman, this witch-queen-empress. The steps that lead up to the witch-queen-empress are obsidian inscribed with more Ketameri symbols, A creation story of sorts written down on the steps that lead up to the throne. She's standing, in front of her throne in a relaxed but poised pose, with her hands casually placed on her hips.